since its introduction lada priora
constantly improved appeared
new options evolved technology
however it's time for quality
jump
albeit in the framework of the same body
Meet the restyled priora with
recognizable silhouette and brand new
salon
one of the most important issues that
ask many buyers choosing
car even on average price
segment how plastic is trimmed
interior so now in prior
used innovative type material
soft bow lovers expensive electronics
he is familiar with the phone cases and other
gadgets
soft bow is plastic that looks like
how soft automotive skin is good
however, he has increased
Scratch resistance specifically for
new material was developed and
original drawing embossing taiga you
see for yourself how much
As a result, the car interior has changed
and of course it's hard not to notice
7-inch multimedia touchscreen
systems
here everything corresponds to the highest
level in its class is not only yusb
port but also wireless protocol
bluetooth
however, it should be noted that this option
as the maintenance of the course
Stability and additional side
airbags
and here new headlights with running lights and
rear LED lights come in
standard complete with new
reinforced door bumpers
and improved noise insulation sit down at
steering wheel and adjust the driver's seat
the seat got a more developed side
support as well as new more reliable
mechanism for adjustments to the right of
the driver is located armrest
special ergonomic shape
Well, it's time to go to dynamic
dough
we start the engine and get under way
thanks to completely recycled
the intake system of the moment shelf expanded into
low speed side
conditions provides a confident start
suddenly sharp turns steering
control
the fact is that the deluxe version is installed
electromechanical amplifier and
shortened steering rack with gear
number 3 1 instead of four and confidently
take the most difficult turns
Stability system allows
Well, for those who speed
prefers to maneuver
measured and comfortable designed
cruise control system
enough with the steering column
switch to set the required
speed and you can take your foot off the pedal
gas
irreplaceable option on long journeys yet
I want to note that very soon should
a manual box will appear
shift cable-operated
and also as relevant an option as
preheater
but AvtoVAZ engineer are not going to
stop there
some versions new lada priora
will get more and
robotic switch box
programs agree that all these
innovations significantly increase
the pleasure of owning it
by car